# Tempest Box

Box Aim: log analysis, network packet analysis

**Scenario:** 

In this incident, you will act as an Incident Responder from an alert triaged by one of your Security Operations Center analysts. The analyst has confirmed that the alert has a CRITICAL severity that needs further investigation.

As reported by the SOC analyst, the intrusion started from a malicious document. In addition, the analyst compiled the essential information generated by the alert as listed below:

- The malicious document has a .doc extension.
- The user downloaded the malicious document via chrome.exe.
- The malicious document then executed a chain of commands to attain code execution.
- Investigation Guide

**﻿To aid with the investigation, you may refer to the cheatsheet crafted by the team applicable to this scenario:**

- Start with the events generated by Sysmon.
- EvtxEcmd, Timeline Explorer, and SysmonView can interpret Sysmon logs.
- Follow the child processes of WinWord.exe.
- Use filters such as ParentProcessID or ProcessID to correlate the relationship of each process.
- We can focus on Sysmon events such as Process Creation (Event ID 1) and DNS Queries (Event ID 22) to correlate the activity generated by the malicious document.


Write Up
---

Reasoning: The 2 information we know is that the user downloaded a malicious document from chrome. Thus, the whole event starts with chrome. Lets look at all the chrome related events by typing
chrome in Sysmon View and Timeline Explorer.



**IOC List**
- 




